I am Navy Captain Dan Burns, graduates of the Naval Academy in 1984. I
am a surface warfare officer Ship driver served on two ships out of
the Pacific L P D and screw. It's out of hand. What the U. S Naval
discredited school in Monterey and after that, served on my department
tours. Chief engineer on a fast forget out of Charleston and on the
actual USS Ticonderoga out of normal, deployed on both of those tours
with the USS Teddy Roosevelt, Natalie's on both ships and then
went ashore to the awesome military affairs at Central Intelligence
Agency. While there, I screamed for XO of Aegis cruisers and command
of a small ship. But frankly, at that point my second child had been
born and I decided to resign my active duty commission and joined
the reserves. I finished out my 30 year career in the reserves. I was
recalled once during that time for a total of 18 years of active duty,
12 years and reserves, and I retired in July off 2014